# Privacy Policy
Last updated: **December 01, 2022**

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Definitions

 - **You**  means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
 - **Application**  means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Hiyakasudere
 - **Personal Data**  is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
 - **Author**  (referred to as either "the Author", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to application author Tomasz Staroń.
 - **Usage Data**  refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
 - **External Services** refers to services (also known as Image Boards) providing displayed content such as yande.re or safebooru.org or others via API
 - **Third Parties** means person or organization not connected with Application Author

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
## File System Access
This application requires by default access to user system Picture Library. This capability is used only for saving pictures privided by external services which You want to keep on Your own storage.
## Security of Your Personal Data
This application does not have any mechanisms for gathering, transmitting or processing Your personal data. Therefore it can't be used to provide Your data to Application Author or other Third Parties.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via notice on this Product store page, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Consent

By using our app, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy.